amazon announced date is extending its
check out to its customers let's look at
some of the features amazon payments is
like paypal except that it sends a few
unique features so in orders we have
managed orders search orders order
reports and upload order related files
i'm going to select manage orders in
manage orders you can view the items
that were purchased and view parameters
on the order for that item this is very
much like paypal so i'm going to hit
back and now i'm going to view the new
feature that they have announced a check
out with amazon i'm just going to click
this ok so and check out with amazon we
can integrate amazon into our shopping
experience on a website in many
different ways the first way is create
checkout button i'm just going to click
that ok this is very much like the
paypal create button where you choose
the button the background the size and
the different parameters for the item
you're selling and then you simply put
the bed item button and it will create
the button that you can put on your
website in HTML head back the second
method is integration methods so this is
this is the HTTP POST and XML
integration method ok in this method you
sign into the cart base64 encode the
cart add the encoded cart content and
signature to the HTML post form and then
you add the JavaScript to enable the one
click on the form one click is a
patented system from amazon which lets
users purchase an item with just one
click paypal cannot give you this
because it is patented by amazon amazon
is extending the patent for this
software technology to you by letting
you use it with your amazon shopping
cart
ok so the fifth is to integrate the HTML
post forum on to your website so in this
method the user is simply posting to
Amazon for when it wants to purchase an
item ok and the last I method is the
access key method in this method you
have a public access key and a secret
access key these two keys together are
combined to form a hash with up which
authenticate the purchase and it says
important your secret access key secret
and should be known only by you and
Amazon Web Services it says you are
solely responsible for the security of
your access key and secret access key in
all activities associated with their use
so if i were to pan over here to where
the excess t is and show it to you and
you used it i would be responsible for
all the purchases you made so that's
that's one thing that you have to keep
in mind when using the service ok so the
other features are pretty much they're
very much like PayPal so I'm not going
to go over them this was the feature
that was announced today again the one
very very significant point is that
they're extending their patent for one
click purchases to the Amazon payment
customers the web developers that are
integrating in amazon payments into your
site so if you're using amazon payments
you can use their patented technology
whereas you can't with paypal so that's
a very very significant update and let's
hope that other people try amazon web
payment services as well thanks for
watching tech loosen